Update replanning section in query-tuning doc (#1456)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/planning-and-tuning/query-tuning.adoc

[[cypher-replanning]]
=== Cypher replanning

> Planning a query can be an expansive operation.

Reviewer: While the wording in this document could generally be improved, I think "to plan a query" might not make a lot of sense to the outside user and could warrant some explanation.

> Translating a query string into an efficient execution plan can be an expansive operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Translating a query string into an efficient execution plan can be an expensive operation.
```

> Once an execution plan is obtained for query, it is placed in a cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an execution plan is obtained for a query, it is placed in a cache.
```

> The next time when the exact same query arrives, planning is not needed. The execution plan can be obtained from the cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the exact same query is to be executed again, the planning step is skipped.
Instead, the execution plan is obtained from the cache.
```

> The next time when the exact same query arrives, planning is not needed. The execution plan can be obtained from the cache.

Reviewer 2: what translates the query string? what is the cache part of? what does the planning?

is it the cypher planner? (in all cases)

asking because then we could rephrase some of the passive voice used above

Author: > what translates the query string?

The Cypher query planner translates the query string into an execution plan

> what is the cache part of?

The execution plan will be cached, with the query string as the cache-key (it is a bit more complex, like there are different caches)

> what does the planning?

Planning is the process of translating a string into an execution plan.

Reviewer: So, for 1 and 3, it is the planner. But caching definitely happens outside of the planner as we possibly do not even parse, but still inside the execution engine.

> Replanning refers to the event when a query has been planned before, but needs to be planned again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Replanning" refers to the event when a query has been planned before, but needs to be planned again.
```

🤷

> "Replanning" refers to the event when a query has been planned before, but needs to be planned again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"Replanning" refers to cases where a query must be planned again, even though it has been planned before.
```

Cypher replanning occurs in the following circumstances:

* When the query is not in the cache.
This can either be when the server is first started or restarted, if the cache has recently been cleared, or if link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/configuration-settings#config_server.memory.query_cache.per_db_cache_num_entries[`server.memory.query_cache.per_db_cache_num_entries`] was exceeded.

> * When the time has past the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/configuration-settings#config_dbms.cypher.min_replan_interval[`dbms.cypher.min_replan_interval`] value, and the database statistics have changed more than the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/configuration-settings#config_dbms.cypher.statistics_divergence_threshold[`dbms.cypher.statistics_divergence_threshold`] value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When the time has passed the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/configuration-settings#config_dbms.cypher.min_replan_interval[`dbms.cypher.min_replan_interval`] value, and the database statistics have changed more than the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/configuration-settings#config_dbms.cypher.statistics_divergence_threshold[`dbms.cypher.statistics_divergence_threshold`] value.
```

not part of this PR, but we might as well include it

> * When the cached query plan has notifications that have become invalid. Consider that a query plan had the notification `01N50: Label does not exist`. After adding a node with the label that did not existed before and running the same query again, replanning the query is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the cached query plan has notifications that have become invalid. Consider that a query plan had the notification `01N50: Label does not exist`. After adding a node with the label that did not exist before and running the same query again, replanning the query is required.
```

During times of known high load, `replan=skip` can be useful to not introduce unwanted latency spikes.

> When a schema change was commited during planning, replanning occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a schema change was committed while a query was planned, replanning occurs.
```

> When a schema change was committed while a query was planned, replanning occurs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a schema change is committed while a query is being planned, replanning occurs.
```

> Dropping an index is an example of a schema change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, dropping an index is a schema change.
```

The schema change can make the obtained execution plan invalid or inefficient.
Instead of continuing with the obtained execution plan, the query will be planned again.

> The Cypher option `replan` does not have any affect on replanning due to schema changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Cypher option `replan` does not have any effect on replanning due to schema changes.
```
